yeah we came out to this young Chefs
Academy and cooked pizzas with a middle
school students to talk about healthy
ways to cook and eat so we made wheat
wheat dough pizzas with vegetable dogs
is pretty cool i hear and it makes him
know my sweets i was pretty cool you
know there's a lot of a lot of football
guys here so they're asking us questions
you know we're probably asking them more
questions about all that with the school
blog you don't remember back but I
really need to interact with these guys
and just kind of you know go back to
when we were in law school well they
kind of made the dough you know before
we came here because it's got her eyes
and everything so we just we you know I
guess warm it out sleep at every one or
two I didn't pretty lame I didn't just a
circle some people did like peoples or
football and then just you know you got
to go put top researchers pretty
neighbor well we came here we want to
display a healthy eating group from one
didn't watch the show the kids that can
cook a little bit but it's not about
what you eat is how you get in the
quantities quality of food we eat so my
pizza made it with a row wheat bread
vegetables on top another good stuff
like you know before stuff like that
everybody Ricky club it gives us a
chance to you know barn together you
know we're always know with the older
guys back in the facility back after
practice but Tuesday's goes because of
the time so they don't believe you
communicate you know do things that
Ricky's do talk about things that
rookies talk about some other cool
definitely pull down our kids they're
all willing to work to learn and you
know that's most important and that
would open mind doing a visa was
fantastic yeah oh we just came in and
like made pizza with the kids it was
like a world like you know the play 60
the temp thing just trying to show kids
how to be active how to eat right stuff
like that so just came in and made like
a fresh pizza yeah it's fun they brought
in i think it was like it maybe like a
gym class but there was also some uh
some of their football players join in
and came over and so we got to talk to
them about their season stuff like that
i think it was good for both of us I
open Chris called me I thought it was a
wonderful opportunity for some our kids
to meet the players to get out and see
what goes on themselves no comments ooh
you know the guys he is I think they
were probably thinking oh my gosh gotta
spin lunchable middle schooler we don't
think they might have having a great
time our kids and their they talk about
the whole wheel here they've been so
excited for the last few days just
knowing that they would get a chance to
me some of the players and sit down and
have a meal with them they've been
they've been talking about lightning
module I promise you they don't know